Update the changelog for 17.1.1 (#4105)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 17.1.1 - 2020-08-13
* [4057](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4057) Bump daggerVersion from 2.38 to 2.38.1
* [4065](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4065) Bump activity-compose from 1.3.0-rc02 to 1.3.0
* [4066](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4066) Bump gradle from 4.2.2 to 7.0.0
* [4069](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4069) `GooglePayPaymentMethodLauncher` takes `transactionId` and returns error code
* [4086](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4086) Bump activity-compose from 1.3.0 to 1.3.1
* [4088](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4088) Upgrade kotlinVersion to 1.5.21, composeVersion to 1.0.1
* [4092](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4092) Bump ktlint from 0.41.0 to 0.42.1

> * [4098](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4098) Unship wechat pay

Reviewer: Can we add some short explanation on why?

Reviewer 2: For 4098:
```
[4098](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4098): temporarily disabled WeChat Pay module, which is blocked by a backend bug. For WeChat Pay integration now, please use `Stripe.confirmWeChatPayPayment`
```

Author: @ccen-stripe

Author: ```suggestion
* [4098](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4098) Temporarily disabled WeChat Pay module, which is blocked by a backend bug. For WeChat Pay integration now, please use `Stripe.confirmWeChatPayPayment`
```
